docs/markdown/3-rational.md, before:

### Onboarding

Make the right thing to do, the easy thing to do

Notes:
- Accelerate the onboarding process
- Formalize the process
- Simplify the process

---

### Scaling

Minimum of 3 instances in production

Notes:
- Orders
- Inventory
- Users
- At least three instances of each

---

### Patching

Patching is a critical part of the software development lifecycle

(Spring Boot 3.3 coming May 23rd)

Notes:
- When the next version of Spring Boot comes out
- How many repositories need patching?

---

### Documenting

Test Driven Documentation is the other TDD

Notes:
- Spring REST docs (OpenAPI)
- Documentation driving the code

---

### Testing

- @DataJpaTest
- @WebMvcTest
- @JdbcTest
- @DataMongoTest
- @JsonTest
- @RestClientTest

Notes:
- Slices are awesome
- write tests for specific parts of your application
- in isolation
- without bootstrapping the whole Spring Context

---

### Getting to Production

- Software supply chains
- Artifacts
- Distributed systems

---

### Fallacies of Distributed Systems

- The network is reliable
- Latency is zero
- Bandwidth is infinite
- The network is secure
- Topology doesn't change
- There is one administrator
- Transport cost is zero
- The network is homogeneous

Notes:
- Remember, remember

Commit message:

spot commit before traveling to DevNexus

docs/markdown/3-rational.md, after:

### Onboarding

Make the right thing to do, the easy thing to do

Notes:
- Accelerate the onboarding process
- Formalize the process
- Simplify the process
- Latency is the new downtime
- Time to market is a competitive advantage
- The speed of business is accelerating

---

### Scaling

High availability is a requirement

Notes:
- At least three instances of each
- my children will never deploy active-passive
- How many regions?

---

### Patching

Patching is a critical part of the software development lifecycle

(Spring Boot 3.3 coming May 23rd)

Notes:
- When the next version of Spring Boot comes out
- How many repositories need patching?

---

### Documenting

Test Driven Documentation is the other TDD

Notes:
- Spring REST docs (OpenAPI)
- Documentation driving the code

---

### Testing

- @DataJpaTest
- @WebMvcTest
- @JdbcTest
- @DataMongoTest
- @JsonTest
- @RestClientTest

Notes:
- Slices are awesome
- write tests for specific parts of your application
- in isolation
- without bootstrapping the whole Spring Context

---

### Getting to Production

- Software supply chains
- Artifacts
- Distributed systems

---

### Fallacies of Distributed Systems

- The network is reliable
- Latency is zero
- Bandwidth is infinite
- The network is secure
- Topology doesn't change
- There is one administrator
- Transport cost is zero
- The network is homogeneous

Notes:
- Remember, remember
- You have a lot to think about
- Before you even get started
